Hey Tony, come and watch the football match on TV.
Okay, what's the score?
Spain scored a minute ago.
Wow, that's fast.
That's right.
Last week the match on TV was so boring
because no one scored at all.
So this week's match is already more exciting.
What's the matter with you Tony?
You look tired.
I'm really tired after last night's tennis match.
And I hurt my knee.
That's too bad.
Sit down and watch the match.
It's safer than playing tennis.
Yes, watching is not dangerous and it's more relaxing too.
Well, I'm not sure about that.
Nothing is more enjoyable than playing tennis.
But you enjoyed watching the Olympics on TV, right?
Yes, but that's because it was cheaper than buying tickets for all the games.
And staying at home was easier than going to the stadium.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, he missed.
Or bad luck.
Never mind.
There's still plenty of time for them to score.